
[Name] attacked!

[Name] attacks!

[Name] fired the
tank cannon!

 [Name] dodged!

Combo attack!

[Name] bites!

[Name] scratches!

[Name] bores down!

 [Name] -[Number] HP!

       YOU [8a]IN[8b]
 
 Defeated the
 [target]!

 [Target] got tired and
 collapsed...

 But [target]
 was already gone.

 No effect on
 [Target]!

[Name] went beserk!

 [Name] ran out
 of strength!

[Name]'s final
desperation attack!!!

You can't grasp the
form of [name]'s
attack!

 Barriered [Target]!

 "You're a disgrace
  to your mom!"

 Petrified [Target]!

[Name] spewed a
sticky substance!

 Blinded [Target]!

[Name] is tied...

[Name] let out a
strange howl!

[Name] exploded!

[Name] burst into
flames!

 [Target]'s Offense
 went up by [Number]!

 [Target]'s Offense
 went down by [Number]!

 [Target]'s Defense
 went up by [Number]!

 [Target]'s Speed
 went up by [Number]!

 > Offense [number].

 > Defense [number].

 [Target]'s Fight
 went down by [Number]!

 [Target]'s Defense
 went down by [Number]!

 [Name] smiled boldly!

 [Target]'s Fight
 went up by [number]!

[name] raged!

 [Target]'s Speed
 went down by [number]!

[name] did something
disturbing!

[name] called
for help!

[name] sowed
some seeds!

 For some reason,
 [target]'s experience
 points went up!

[name] laughs!

The tank was
scrapped...

[name] said
something scary!

[name] said
something nasty!

[name] plays dead\...

 It was effective!

 It wasn't very
 convincing...

 [Target] became angry!

 Cryoed [target]!

 Confused [target]!

[Name]\'s confused\...

 Sleeped [target]!

[Name] sleeps...

 [target] \=> [number] PP

 [target] \=> [number] HP

[Name] fuels!

 But no one came.

 (silence...)

 [target] joined!

[Name] ran away!

...It didn't work out.

[Name] tripped!

[Name]'s numb...

[Name]\'s petrified...

 [target] -[number] PP!

 Numbed [target]!

[name] vented
exhaust fumes!

[target] was poisoned!

[Target] was dehydrated!

 Blocked [target]!

 Roped [target]!

 Shielded [target]!

 Missed!

 It was blocked!

 [Target]'s badge
 reflected the beam!

 [target] reflects!

 Not enough PP!

 There was no effect
 on [target]!

[name] had an asthma
attack!
...(cough cough cough)

[name] is praying!

[name] greeted
everyone politely
and left.

[name] guards.

[name] sang!

[name] is guarding.

[name] edged
closer!

 [target] was cured! (poison)

 [target] went
 back to normal!

 [target] was bombed!

 [target] can move!

 [target] woke up!

 [target] was revived!!

[name] used the
[move]!

[name] tried
[move]!

[name] can't use
[move]!

[name] is sizing up
the situation...

[name] did
something strange!

[name] is puzzled...

 [target]'s shield
 was destroyed!

[name] checked
[target]!

 - Resists Fire

 - Resists Freeze

 - Resissts Thunder

 - Resists Light

 - Weak to Bug Spray

 [target]'s asthma
 attack went away!

 [target] softened!

 "I like you!"

 "I hate you!"

 [target] had an
 asthma attack!

 The [move]
 broke...

[name] used a
Demon Seed!

[name] used
paralysis gas!

 The [move]
 turned into an
 ordinary stone...

[target] went
back to normal!

Tamed [target]!

Defeated [target]!

Destroyed [target]!

Dusted [target]!

[target] stopped moving!

Scrapped [target]!

[target] vanished!

[name] stole
[target]'s [move]!

[name] leveled up!<input>

[name] learned a PSI!<input>

 Max HP went up by [lvl stat]!<input>

 Max PP went up by [lvl stat]!<input>

 Fight went up [fight]!<input>

 Speed went up [Speed]!<input>

 Wisdom went up [Wisdom]!<input>

 Strength went up [Strength]!<input>

 Force went up [Force]!<input>

[name] escaped
from the rope!

 Picked up [item]!<input>

 [target]'s confusion
 went away!

[name] woke up!

[name] tore a
hole through space!

 But there was no
 effect!

The [move] was
fully emptied...

No end to the battle
is in sight...

(From somewhere,
\b[Leader's name] heard Queen
Mary's voice...)
\bYou can't beat Giegue
with brute strength...
\bI doubt any weapon can
defeat him...
\bBut the lullaby...
\bMaybe the song I used
to sing to him
\bcan stop him!<input>

"[Ninten]!
\bI owe a great deal to
your family line!"<input>

"Maria, George's wife,
raised me
\bwhen I was very
young..."<input>

"While George stole
vital information from
\bour planet and tried
to turn against us..."<input>

"And now, their
descendant
\bis bent on hindering
our plan again...
\b[Ninten]! I am
referring to you!"<input>

"Now leave!
\bMay you be destroyed
with the rest of the
\bdisgusting Earth
people!"<input>

"You are too weak to
do anything!
\bYou are mere insects
to me!"<input>

"[Ninten]... I'm
willing to let you,
\band only you, live.
\bBoard the mothership
with me."<input>

"...Then you can
perish here
\bwith your friends
and all the other
\bhideous Earth people!"<input>

"Stop singing!"

"Stop... singing...!"

"S-stop singing!"

"Stop singing!"

"You Earth insects!
Shut up!
Stop singing!"

"Stop..."

"...singing!"

"!!!"

"Stop..."

"!!!"

"........."

"HOW COULD I BE
DEFEATED
\bBY THIS SONG...?"<input>

"SOMEDAY I WILL
RETURN...
\bAND... MAKE YOU..."<input>

"[Ninten]! We will meet
again!"<input>