0x76811
01 # Big Woodoh
 - Resists Status
\bIt gives good money.
02 # Dragon
 - Resists Light
 - Immune to Status
\bIt holds a secret.
\b
04 # Elephant
\bIt's got high HP and
defense. Hit it with
Defense Down!
\b
05 # Bear
Someone ate its food,
and it's not happy at
all!
06 # Bigfoot
Shocked? It really
does exist!
07 # Mad Truck
 - Immune to Status
08 # Old Robo
 - Immune to Status
09 # Mega Borg
 - Resists Light
 - Immune to Status\b
0A # Gargoyle
 - Resists Status
\bIt carries the Stone
Spray...
0B # Gabilan
Creatures like this
shouldn't exist on
this Earth, but...
0C # Gorilla
This is no time to be
getting caught up with
a punk ape like this!
0D # Bison
The only one not
afraid of this thing's
face is its own
mother.
0E # Tiger
Just look at those
terrifying eyes!
0F # Mad Car
 - Immune to Status\b
10 # Raeb Yddet
He has strong friends.
11 # Magisnail
This thing's shell is
unbelievably hard.
12 # Titany
 - Resists Status
14 # Eagle
This animal is as
swift as they come.
15 # Wolf
Watch out for those
pearly whites!
16 # Seagull
You dirty thief!
17 # Crocodile
Always turn down an
alligator's dinner
invitation.
18 # Atomic Robo
\bIt uses atomic power
to fuel its allies.
19 # CavernMaster
\bIt appears to be
protecting something.
1A # Fugitive
This guy is at the
very top of the FBI's
most-wanted list.
1B # BB Gang Boss
Deep down, he might
actually be a nice
guy.
1C # Barbot
 - Immune to Status
\bA malnourished robot?
1D # Jane
 - Resists Light
 - Immune to Status
\bDon't be fooled by her
smile!
1E # Starman
A man from a distant
star.
1F # Miraco
This creature does not
exist in the real
world.
20 # Brainga
 - Resists Light
 - Immune to Status
A mobile brain that is
the result of an evil
science experiment.
21 # Mook
This creature is a
master of many kinds
of PSI.
22 # Armor
 - Resists Light
 - Immune to Status
It'd be nice to have
some armor of your
own.
23 # Woodoh
A strange, mobile
tree.
24 # Redneck
He looks bad-tempered,
so be careful.
25 # Hippie
You could probably
plant flowers in his
hair and they'd grow.
26 # Hippie
She has a body like a
refrigerator and a
heart of ice.
27 # B.B. Gang
Beating the punk's
leader will probably
set them straight.
28 # Dr.Distorto
His heart is as
warped as his face is.
2A # Gang Zombie
Watch out for this
guy's SMAAAASH hits!
2B # PsudeoZombie
Watch out for this
guy's constant sneak
attacks!
2C # Crow
Watch your items! This
guy is a thief...
2D # Snake
It isn't poisonous.
Hopefully, anyway.
2E # Hyena
He who laughs last
laughs best.
2F # Lynx
This animal is quite a
bit different from
your ordinary pet cat.
30 # Centipede
Kill it with bug
spray!
31 # Dust Ghost
Aaaachoo!!
32 # Fly
Bug spray works
wonders on it.
33 # Spider
Why not try using bug
spray on it?
34 # Scorpion
It's poisonous, but
you can kill it with
bug spray.
35 # Rope
Try not to get tied
up.
36 # Fireball
It's almost like this
guy escaped from a
comic book or
something.
37 # Swoosh
This guy's face is the
easiest to draw.
38 # Bonus Swoosh
If this guy put a mask
on, it'd be impossible
to tell who he is.
39 # Ghost
A rather run-of-the-
mill ghost.
3A # Lil Saucer
 - Immune to Status
It's about as big as a
dinner plate.
3B # Mr. Batty
Apparently, life is
like a puzzle to him.
3C # Starman Jr.
It may be small, but
it's clearly an alien.
3D # Skunk
Hold your nose!
3E # BloodyZombie
It looks scary on the
outside, but its final
attack is even
scarier.
3F # Rat
A big rat with a long
tail.
40 # Bomber
 - Immune to Status
It looks like an egg
but is harder than
one.
42 # Doll
It glares at you from
afar...
43 # Lamp
It's flying all
around!
46 # Biopede
It was apparently
given a powerful
poison at a lab
somewhere.
47 # Bioscorp
Watch out for its
poison and petrifying
attacks!
4A # Red Snake
Don't let it get away!
It's a good source of
experience points!
4B # Lone Wolf
It apparently doesn't
have any friends at
all.
4C # Polar Bear
Its chair broke and
now it's in a REALLY
bad mood!
51 # Rattlesnake
Happen to have any
Antidotes handy?
52 # Tarantula
Poison Pois on Poi
Sonnnn
53 # Strong Croc
Don't smile back at
this alligator.
55 # Buffalo
Even this thing's own
father is scared of
its face.
57 # Biobat
Be careful not to get
petrified...
58 # Stray Dog
This thing better not
have fleas...
59 # Devil Car
Hypnosis probably
doesn't work on cars,
does it?
5A # Devil Truck
 - Immune to Status\b
5B # Death Truck
 - Immune to Status\b
5C # Alarm Ghost
Watch out, it'll call
for friends if it's
alarmed!
5E # WhooshSwoosh
The favorite of
optometerists
everywhere.
5F # Papa Swoosh
Don't let your guard
down. This daddy is
always watching you...
60 # Swooshette
This mommy can see
through all your
tricks!
63 # Sky Yddet
This thing will do
anything for its
friends!
65 # Giga Borg
 - Resists Light
 - Immune to Status
\b
66 # Last Borg
 - Resists Light
 - Immune to Status
\b
67 # Scrapper
 - Immune to Status
\b
68 # Death Barbot
 - Immune to Status
\b
69 # OmegaSaucer
 - Immune to Status
\b
6A # Caroline
 - Resists Light
 - Immune to Status
\b
6B # Star Miner
 - Immune to Status
\b
6C # Nuclear Robo
 - Immune to Status
\b
6D # Suzie
 - Resists Light
 - Immune to Status
\b
6E # BlueStarman
His mission is to keep
anyone from getting
through the caves...
6F # Satania
 - Resists Status
\b
70 # Titanian
 - Resists Status
\bIf you can beat this
thing, you're
incredible.
\b
71 # Mook Senior
 - Resists Status
\b
73 # Zombie
Watch out for its
Brainshock attacks!
74 # ViolentZomb
A very violent guy who
comes out swinging the
first chance he gets.
75 # Silver Wolf
Its beautiful silver
coat glistens in the
light.
76 # R7037
 - Resists Light
 - Immune to Status
\bThis thing is HUGE!
\b
77 # Grizzly
Don't ever sleep in
this guy's bed, no
matter how tired you
are!
79 # LastStarman
The strongest Starman
of all.